Hi, this is a solution to the exercise 90.
And you were asked to produce say Susie fall out of a selection of records from your database file.
And as you can imagine this is very similar to the previous exercise.
With the only difference is that here you're not selecting countries only, so not the country column but
all the columns.
So we're using an asterisk to denote that we want all the columns from the countries table.
Yeah that's the difference.
And we're also importing pandas here because we need pandas to generate the text, the csv file.
So the key here is to use the from records method.
So pandas.DataFrame.
So you're creating a data frame object from records.
So these should be database records.
Here we are passing the rows, so you know from the previous exercise that rows they look like this.
So these are the rows, tuples with values for each column.
OK.
And yeah, we construct that frame from that.
The problem is we don't have any columns for that data frame so we need to create such columns
manually.
This is what I'm adding here.
Df.columns equals to this list of column names.
And then finally once you have the data frame which I can print out in here,
the data frame looks like this, nice and clean.
And you can just go ahead and export that data frame to csv. Give the file name and index equals
to false.
Which means that you don't want to throw this column here, the first column to the csv file because
you have this column so this should be enough rank there. You don't want this column as well.
This is the csv file. That was the exercise.
This is quite, a very useful exercise.
You may encounter later in your career.
So please take a note of this script and I'll talk to you later.
Thanks!